Welcome, I'm Dustin, welcome again in smarter every day
Sometimes in your life
When you see Shi
She asks and says this is impossible
This is the case in this video
Today we will take a look at the invention of Nikola Tesla
But it looks like a video game
But I assure you that this video is real
But before that
Let's take a look at some of his contributions to the community when he emigrated to the United States in 1880
If you search for patents Nicolas Tesla will be astounded
Everything exists
Pumps, Routers, Power distributors, Balance household
Remote energy
The most important invention of them: engines
Tesla devised a multi-phase AC generator system
Who initially proved that he could work at the Ames power station in Colorado
This led to Tesla's cooperation with George Westinghouse (a businessman and an American engineer)
To build the first large-scale power plant
Niagara Falls
This has been great.
If you have not seen it yet, there is a beautiful theme for Tesla
Overlooks the Canadian side of the Niagara Falls
The part I like about the stereotype is the story of how it came with the idea of ​​AC
He was walking in the park B Budapest (the capital of Hungary) with a friend
Suddenly, with a flash of lightning, the idea of ​​the rotary magnetic field came to mind
Speaking of lightning
Tesla has had great experiences with high-voltage electricity
Colorado Springs area
One of these experiments was performed using this circuit
There is an energy source that ships heavily
When the condenser is full
SPARK GAP
Which takes the power to an initial file
The secondary file is played with the same resonance frequency
And then strengthen the tension and Hantm you get:
Lightning
There is a company called one tesla
And that make pieces to install Tesla file yourself
Which you can buy and install in full
Yourself if you are proficient in how to weld
My friend Philip works at
Nuclear plant, as long as we deal
With the high tension, his call to vomit
And help me, this device is very cool
It is a good way to start if
You want to create your own file. Awad
Use SPARK GAP as Tesla did
This device uses (excellent shielding circuit)
Let you do great things
You can upload MIDI files to
A memory card in the device will be turned on
Any song you want
I want to hear the song O Fortuna
Clearly, the next step is to try to dazzle the children
that's awesome
After that we gradually began to try to reach the limits of our apparatus to see what it was capable of doing
But I took too much confidence and during my enthusiasm
I started doing things that prevent the machine's manual from doing
Looking at it is somewhat fun
Because you can see the second end
Which drove me out of mania and fun to remorse
Do you see this?
It's broken!
I broke it, I feel bad about this
Because I knew what I was doing
I tried to break the rectifier,
Or IGBT and I'm sad now. Even though it is a hand-made file. We can fix it quickly but
Instead of working on it, why not go?
To visit a friend in my city, which he has
Dedicated website for Tesla files
I found him today, and I did not meet him before
And we will be the best friends
It has a slightly larger file
Let's go and get smarter every day (channel name)
This is Cameron Prince. He runs the first site
The online information about Tesla
And its address is www.teslauniverse.com
It offers Tesla files
He happened to live on the other side
From the street where my aunt and uncle live.
This is a little big about what I have
How big is this
It's about 2.74 meters high
2.74 meters high? Have you built it?
Yes, it's as big as you can
It is suitable for garage
Really, yes, if this was according to design requirements
Yes, these are the limits of design
Do this store of capacitors at the bottom
Yes, it's a large store of capacitors
My friend, this is not a joke
These were extracted from the MRI machine
Truly, this is the most rewarding part of the whole machine
Aam is possible
Do cats always walk around when you try
This will roast the cat, man
Cameron the perfect example, when you
As a child I collected baseball cards and boarded
My bike, Cameron did not do. His life changed
Forever when he first saw a picture of Nikola Tesla
When I saw those pictures
His Colorado Springs, IN
His experiences, sitting in front of his file
And that lightning around him
Then she was captured. As most people know Kanoo
In their childhood they throw baseball balls
And others. I had a box of bulbs, wires and generators
that's cool. I love when people get excited about something that makes it more entertaining
Well, let's start
Time off, there are some experiments
We can not connect them online and these
And this is one of them. We are talking about
6 meters of lightning strike
The earth is continually before you.
This was fantastic. My heart never beat before
Zero to 100 percent in this short period
from time. I have been .......... on the whole. I can not explain this
So I will not be able to try to explain this
After he brought things down a bit. Cameron Salney if
I wanted to see a real Tesla pistol
Which I did not know existed
We have this pistol of a designed kit
From two of his friends Steve Ward and Flip Slawinski
There are only a few of these revolvers present
In the world, I apologize for
Laugh here, but I was really, really, excited
It does not look real, you feel like it
Somewhat in a video game
How do you control output power?
This screen is here
This is something of a ghost hunter (film)
Absolutely yes
Where should I stand?
Anywhere, I want to help with the screw that screw up there
Where should I stand, anywhere, oh my friend
This is too low
But I can increase its intensity
Do you know that feeling when
Have someone carrying a loaded gun next to you
But the pistol can launch anywhere
If I go back now.
Wow . So where is the prompt? why not
Return to Earth?
If so, this primary file (initial)
You do not have to dispose of an antenna in this!
It's a water cooler
Did you know what was strange to me and wanted to study the Tesla file
I started looking at Google, and you live where I live.
Yes, this is strange
One more time, please
Well, well, let's prepare for maximum speed
After capturing some videos by
Phantom (camera name), found that lighting is not enough problem it's too dark
To see the gun but I needed the darkness to be able to see lightning. Cameron agreed
To bring the gun to my home in
Next at sunset, if so I can
Sunlight to light the weapon
And used a black background to be able to
Lightning recording goes out of arms
B 28,000 frames per second
Got it, got it.
Well, after watching this slow show and watch
Lightning bends back toward Cameron
The obvious question is: What?
Happens if you hit? its just
Cleans its Tesla file
What??
He hits your hand?
What? Does this pass through your heart
I mean yes, but it is a very low current
The initial file (initial) in the Tesla file circuit? Assassin does not talk here
But in the secondary file
The output shall be in micrograms. Which
Generally acceptable to be safe, but some
People still say it's dangerous
Here is the following
Do not do this, many people say
This is safe and others say this is dangerous
I really wanted to touch it
Well, you are ready to launch high-calorie
Well, I'm really fine
He just scared me
Well, go ahead
If after taking this shock, Cameron Salney
If you want to launch myself. I do not know
If this is a transit ritual or what?
But, Um, yes I want to throw lightning from my fingers
This is like a video game
I can not thank you for letting me do this,
I mean like this .. the child is just inside me ....
Well, I must return your weapon to you
I enjoyed playing this video very much
I mean I just wanted to have a Tesla file
And all this happened, I am very
Video enthusiast, after all if
You enjoyed this video, and you wanted it
Support Smarter Every Day if supported
Who support Smarter Every Day
There Audrey of Tesla 1 will
Leave a link in the description box below
There is Cameron at Tesla Universe;
I left the link below and after it too
Official Sponsor Audible.com.
Audible.com. It has audio books you can
Download them for free if you go to
audible.com/smarter. I do this every day
Listen to audio books on my way back
And go to work. Special (gift today)
Mark Cipher is a person I spoke to
By Cameron. He is a historian
About the history of Tesla
About the life of Tesla
The Life and Time of Nicolas Tesla
When I told him I would
I'm talking about writing in this video.
I was very excited and had a short video of me.
Hello my name is Mark Saiffer and I am
Writer of the book (magician: life and times of Nicolas Tesla), when she first studied about
Tesla. He was a very mysterious figure, however
Now his name has been reintroduced. And become
One of the most famous scientists
You will find my book at audible.com/smarter.
I am very excited about this.
Thank you very much Mark. If you want to support Mark
Get his writing at audible.com/smarter.
This will support Mark and support
Smarter Every Day. You must listen to the audio books in all the circles, and make you smarter
Well I'm Dustin, I hope you are really
You enjoyed this as I enjoyed it
I hope this video deserves your subscription
If it does not. There is not a problem. I'm Dustin. You grow smarter every day
Happy day